API documentation (#623)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: .docs/content/docs/developers/make-your-components-compatible-with-aao/index.md

# Make your components compatible with Avatar Optimizer

This page describes the following two things.

- When can a components be incompatible with Avatar Optimizer?
- How to improve the compatibility?

If you have some question, please feel free to ask [`@anatawa12@misskey.niri.la` on fediverse][fediverse].

## When can a components be incompatible with Avatar Optimizer? {#when-incompatible}

If your components are on the avatar and still exists on the time Avatar Optimizer processes, 
your components can be incompatible with Avatar Optimizer.

Since Avatar Optimizer has Garbage Collection system for Components and others, Avatar Optimizer has to 
know about all existing components in the Avatar at the optimization.

To avoid problem with unknown components, Avatar Optimizer currently assumes unknown components
- have some side-effects.
- will have dependency relationship to all components referenced in the component.
  (They can be changed in the future.)

However, the assumption can be incorrect, so Avatar Optimizer will generate the following warning.

![unknown-component-warning](unknown-component-warning.png)

## How to improve the compatibility? {#improve-compatibility}

> Please remove your components before Avatar Optimizer processes if your tool adds components to the avatar as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please remove your components before Avatar Optimizer processes as much as possible.
```

> If you cannot, please register your components to Avatar Optimizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot remove some components, please register them to Avatar Optimizer.
```

> You can remove your components with several ways.

Reviewer: > ここ、`コンポーネントを削除する {#remove-component}`とかした方が良い説がある?(登録はあるので)

日本語版と同

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Removing your components {#remove-component}

You can remove your components with several ways.
```

> If your tool is a non-destructive tool based on NDMF[^NDMF], removing your components before the Optimization phase

Reviewer: 変更前はOptimization phaseにthe付けてなかったと思うのでちょっと気になりました(どちらでも良さそうではあります)

Author: 考えた結果theだなと思ったのでこのまま行きます

or before `com.anatawa12.avatar-optimizer` plugin (with [`BeforePlugin`][ndmf-BeforePlugin]) 
in the Optimization phase is recommended.

If your tool is a non-destructive tool not based on NDMF[^NDMF], removing your components before 

> the NDMF's Optimization phase with `IVRCSDKPreprocessAvatarCallback` is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the NDMF's Optimization phase is recommended.
```

> Current NDMF executes Optimization phase in order `-1025`, which is JUST before VRCSDK's `RemoveAvatarEditorOnly`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, current NDMF executes Optimization phase in order `-1025`, which is JUST before VRCSDK's `RemoveAvatarEditorOnly`
```

> callback, so your tool should remove components in `IVRCSDKPreprocessAvatarCallback` with smaller `callbackOrder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
callback, so your tool should remove components with `IVRCSDKPreprocessAvatarCallback` with smaller `callbackOrder`.
```
with2回になるのは気になりますが、前者の部分が文章的にはinよりwithの方が良さそうです
